For details of the mod demonstration, please see Bilibili: Korate_QwQ Create a character: After clicking the icon of Elaina on the character creation interface, you can create a character normally. Elaina's maximum health gain will be reduced by half, and there will be no magic disease. Magic potions will be used automatically. Picking up money will increase 10 points of mana and get the "Happy" buff, which will speed up the interval of mana recovery. Initial items: Wand*1, Hat*2, Book*1, Nico's Adventure Currently craftable items: Wand: Wood*1 Just afraid you will lose it Broom: Wood*10, Hay*20, it will consume mana according to the moving speed, and increase the maximum speed according to the proficiency. You can use the space bar (can be set) to click to sprint, or you can press and hold to enter the acceleration state. Large pot: Campfire*1, any iron*10 Magic sharing ring: Ten sacred ingots + magic regeneration bracelet, when the blue amount is insufficient, if other teammates are equipped with the ring (or fashion), you can use his magic to replace it. White River Dolphin Necklace: Cross Necklace + Avenger Emblem + Nebula Fragment*150 Magic Book: Book*1, Fallen Star*10 Healing Magic Book: Jungle Spore*50, Moon Glow*50, Vine*50, Magic Book*1, learn healing magic after use Fire Magic Book: Hell Butterfly*15, Fire Blossom*50, Hellstone*50, Magic Book*1, learn fire magic after use Ice Magic Book: Frost Core*15, Shiverthorn*50, Ice Block*100, Magic Book*1, learn ice magic after use Wind Magic Book: Razor Typhoon*1, 50 of each of the three king souls, learn wind magic after use Items that can be refined with the caldron and how to use them: Right-click the caldron to enter the refining state, click the question mark to view the recipe Right-click the air to cancel the refining state Items that can be made with the caldron: 1. Ultimate Magic Potion, which is said to be a magic potion, but it is actually a fake product mixed with soil, which can only restore 30 blue. However, it is just right to sell it to the merchant. 2. Various magic enhancement potions. 3. Small animal potions, which can be turned into a random harmless small animal. At this time, the left, right, and middle mouse buttons will become interactive buttons, which can trigger some actions or calls of some small animals. 4. Cloning items. When the rarity of the cloned item is higher than the proficiency, there is a probability of failure, and each success will increase the probability of failure next time. When refining items, the proportion of the recipe is not followed, and the use of non-conforming recipes will also have a probability of failure. Proficiency and all magic and usage: Proficiency will only be improved according to the specific boss defeated in the current map. Proficiency will affect the effects of various magic, the effect of the broom and the caldron. 1 Magic Missile, launch magic missiles to attack. 2. Magic Shield: Hold the right mouse button to deploy the shield, which consumes mana to block projectiles or knock back enemies that try to approach. 3. Illumination: Click the middle mouse button to turn on the illumination, and click again to turn it off. It continuously consumes mana to light up the area near the wand. 4. Healing Magic: Learned by crafting magic books, it can dispel abnormal states of yourself and teammates and continuously restore health. When healing magic is selected, if you click on a placeable block in the backpack, it will be converted to block control magic, which can place the selected block in the backpack regardless of distance. When healing magic is selected, if you click on a weapon in the backpack, it will be converted to weapon control magic. The damage type of the controlled weapon will be converted to magic type. Up to x (x is the proficiency level) weapons can be controlled, but the more weapons controlled, the less damage each weapon will cause. 5 Water magic, the dungeon bookshelf has a probability of obtaining a water magic book, and there is a higher chance of obtaining it on rainy days. Long press to consume magic power to continuously gather water in the magic wand. If there is "water" (including rain) around the mouse or itself, it will additionally condense water by absorption instead of consuming magic power. The amount of water that can be condensed increases with proficiency. Hitting an enemy will apply a wet buff to the enemy (the duration depends on the amount of water). Each hit will reduce the amount of water and damage stored in the water ball. If enough is absorbed, the condensed water will be released again at the location where the water ball disappears (can be turned off in the module settings). When the water ball has been charged to the maximum, the damage will no longer be reduced with the number of enemies hit and will definitely crit. 6 Fire Magic, learned by crafting a Fire Magic Book. Fireballs can inflict the "On Fire!" debuff. Hold to charge and fire a flame ray that ignites solid ground, trees, and enemies, evaporates water it hits, and applies the "Burning" debuff to enemies. Fireballs will destroy the terrain (the key can be set to turn it off), and will cause additional damage to wet enemies (causing additional damage to their lost health). 7 Ice magic, long press to use ice fog, ice fog has no damage but will quickly freeze the water surface or enemies. Click to use ice cone, ice cone will try to track the enemy at the mouse position and cause ice element damage, all ice attribute attacks can accelerate the enemy's freezing speed. 8 wind magic, long press to continuously launch wind blades, which can repel ordinary enemies and items. There is a small chance that a larger wind blade will be launched according to the current luck, wind speed, and proficiency, which can repel the boss. All wind blades will be affected by the environment and convert damage attributes. 9 Lightning Magic, obtained by defeating any boss on a rainy day after the moon. Hold to cast the Thunderstorm magic. The Thunderstorm magic will continue to consume blue until the magic is insufficient or the time is over. The Thunder Magic will randomly strike the surrounding area, and if the target is in a wet state, it will lock the target. Click to release a chain of lightning, prioritizing enemies at the mouse position. If there are any wet targets nearby, the lightning will spread.
